when you're looking at the exam when
you're writing exam when you're thinking
about the exam don't go on autopilot
think don't just go oh I know how to do
one like this boom I think it's really
important
last comment three hours you can use
your notes your books no you can't use
the internet right okay it is 8:30 you
have up to three hours go ahead good
luck
yesterday was a was her first birthday
and the welcoming event was the final
for finance this is our second day of
classes as I believe we're gonna have
negotiations all day hopefully I got I
got a lot of rest it's a long day
of one subject but it would be fun I
mean it's going to be something that I
haven't done before negotiations is
something that is subtly new
I'm going to give you 30 seconds on my
background in negotiations I'm a lawyer
by professional training I trust you'll
not hold that against me got my initial
start in negotiations in collective
bargaining labor-management negotiating
terms and conditions of collective
agreements for example but since that
time I've had experience in all sorts of
different negotiation periodically I
will oversee a company's collective
bargaining process more typically I'm
involved these days in commercial
negotiations going to put you to work
in the form of our first negotiation
exercise do you open with something how
many how many would think it's a better
idea three people and another said don't
open let them do it and because you sir
and he said that's doesn't really you
know I mean I was sort of looking I
understand but for us this is a myth I'm
just going over I don't know why I say
it's the corner for the mayor I
understand what it is you know we're
willing to do a no one I like that all
right okay
No
it's about 7:05 in the morning and so
far weeks been great a great chance to
get together with my classmates and
pretty busy week today we've got a full
day of strategy classes with Jim Fisher
we're going to kick off the morning
going through a case presentation so
this is a group assignment that we
worked on tonight's gonna be great Tom I
think this is our chance to sort of you
know let off some steam we've got a pub
night and actually our law professor
will be joining us thought I'd get my
reading in before I head over to Rahman
and have some breakfast before class
starts at 8:30 this morning between now
and break we're going to hear from you
on how much thought about Coke and Pepsi
which is really what I'm doing is seeing
how you're applying these basic tools of
Industry structure and the resource
theory as a way of thinking about a
company in its position strategically
I think the presentation went well I
think the fact that I work for the
company perhaps gives me somewhat of a
competitive advantage but at the same
time wouldn't be as good if I didn't
acknowledge obviously the efforts of my
team
we're justifying our beers tonight why I
go for a run okay that's the rule if
you're a beer
Oh
today's the last day's been uh it's been
a long week so with finance all the
anxieties upside finance so put behind
us a couple of presentations during the
week but all in all a very good week
looking for good hitting home and seeing
the family but I know in a couple of
days I'm gonna be missing the groom
here's the ground rules for the day
you're only allowed to ask the easy
questions questions that'll make me look
good on film
Tim happy birthday here's what we're
gonna do we'll finish up on the
five-step framework for creating
high-performing teams I'll put you in a
workshop so I'm confident you know how
to use this stuff
well today was a lot of fun actually we
got a chance to take some of the things
we learned in class and do some judo and
kind of put it all together now people
got really into it a lot of people
flying everywhere you know both the men
and women just got right into it
no team no barriers no decks
the whole week as an experience it was
it's a challenging but fun week I think
you end up with non-stop class from
morning tonight but you learn quite a
lot you end up really bonding with
everyone in the class and then just
getting a great experience that you can
apply outside